Q: What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

A: When you initialize a repository, a .git file is created in the directory
to track metadata. You need to initialize the repository to establish it and begin
collecting metadata relevant to version control.

Q: How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? 
What value do you think it offers?

A: The staging area is a middleground between the working directory and the repository.
The staging area give you more control over what you commit and when.

Q: How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

A: The staging area allows you to get all files related to a logical change in order
before committing.

Q: What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history 
organized? How would branches help?

A: If you want to try adding an experimental feature or otherwise create an alternative 
version of what you're working on, then creating a branch would be helpful for maintaining
clean organization of your project.

Q: How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

A: The branch diagrams are a direct visual representation of the git repository's history.

Q: What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the 
diagram the way we do?

A: Git runs a checker to determine what changes have been made from the common parent
of the two branches on each branch, and then combines those changes into the same branch.
It's represented in the diagram the way it is because, from that point on, one branch
contains the changes from both branches, and the other is effectively discontinued.

Q: What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

A: A pro is that it saves time - you don't have to manually go over every single difference.
One con is that maybe the automatic merging can sometimes get things wrong - maybe if two
programmers working on a project wrote essentially the same code, but in different locations.